Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.
**including a detailed description of the class you implemented and what it does**

- Tell me about your class! What does it represent?
This class represents some kind of Minecraft game. In Minecraft you choose between two characters, either Alex or Steve and then you get to play the game collecting tools and items to store with you. You are then able to drop those items at any location and continue to grab more items as you find them and solve puzzles for them. Some items in the game, such as skeletons are dangerous and therefore should be avoided. When coming into contact with these it is necessary to examine whether they are ready to fight or not and if you can just take precautionary measures. Other things are less likely to hurt you in the game. You are also able to walk forwards, backwards, right and left just like how you would use your controller. In this you are corrected with an error message if you don't type in one of these directions. You are also able to fly in the game but can only fly if the y-coordinate if off the ground (meaning you are in the air, not just placed on the ground). The characters are also able to add and lose some of this hearts in the game, which are their lives. I used the shrink and grow characteristsics of the contact for this as characters can keep adding and removing hearts as they want. However, when getting to the end of the game they can only rest if there are enough hearts to keep moving around, or they "die" and have to restart the game with the start amount of hearts at 20. The unto function allows the character to clear their inventory of all the tools and items they collected and then be able to continue the game and collect more things. This entire game was meant to represent some functions of Minecraft and how a character collects, moves and avoiding items within their game.

- What additional methods (if any) did you implement alongside those listed in the interface?
I just implemented "player" in which there was a print out welcoming one of the two players, or otherwise asking to select a new character for the game since Steve and Alex are the only main choices to play in in this game. Otherwise, you are needed to provide Alex or Steve as one of the options. 

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
What worked was just a lot of trial and error. I also referred a lot to older homework assignemnts in solving some of the moving and directional parts of the assignemnt. Overall it was fun to be able to create my own class and make this type of game that can easily be expanded upon if I ever wanted to do that. It was a great way to see how the contract could be implemented with this Minecraft class and all the techniques used. I would say be patient with this assignment, I went in a thousand different diretions before ultimately choosing to make this Minecraft similar game. There was a lot of trial and error. 